I hope your special day will bring you lots of happiness, love, and fun.
Don’t ever change! Stay as amazing as you are.
Here’s to the sweetest and loveliest person I know. Happy birthday!
Happy birthday to my best friend, the one I care about the most!
Wherever your feet may take, whatever endeavor you lay hands on. It will always be successful. Happy birthday.
May this special day bring you endless joy and tons of precious memories!
You are very special and that’s why you need to float with lots of smiles on your lovely face. Happy birthday.
It’s as simple as ABC; today makes more sense because of you, Happy birthday.
Let your all the dreams to be on fire and light your birthday candles with that. Have a gorgeous birthday.
May you continue to improve as a person with each passing year. Wishing you a very happy birthday.
Today is the birthday of the person who is spreading joy and positivity all around. May your birthday and your life be as wonderful as you are!
Happy birthday! Here’s to a bright, healthy and exciting future!
The joy is in the air because your special day is here!
The years we shared while growing up are like treasures to me. I can remember our every moment of laughter. Happy Birthday, my dear friend.
Your birthday only comes once a year, so make sure this is the most memorable one ever and have a colorful day.
Wishing you a wonderful day and all the most amazing things on your Big Day!
You know all about me, I know all about you. We’re best friends, yada yada yada. Since we can read each other’s minds I don’t need a creative message.
May your birthday be full of happy hours and special moments to remember for a long long time!
Wishing you a memorable day and an adventurous year, Happy birthday
Hope your birthday is as wonderful and extraordinary as you are.
I wish you to enjoy your special day, relax and let yourself be spoiled, you deserve it!
I wish you to have a wonderful time on your Day!
I wish that life brings you a beautiful surprise for every candle on your bday cake!
I wish you a day filled with great fun and a year filled with true happiness!
Let yourself do everything that you like most in life, may your Big Day be cheerful and happy!
Wishing you the abundance of fun and glory, Happy Birthday!
May this day be so happy that smile never fades away from your face.
On your birthday friends wish you many things, but I will wish you only two: always and never. Never feel blue and always be happy!
May the dream that means most to you, start coming true this year. Happy Bday!
May you enjoy your special day to the fullest extent!
May your birthday mark the beginning of a wonderful period of time in your life!
My dear friend, may your special day be full of beautiful, magical and unforgettable moments!
Happy birthday, gorgeous! You are another year older and I just can’t see it. Have a blast! Wishing you the best of the best!
Wishing you greatest birthday ever, full of love and joy from the moment you open your eyes in the morning until you sleep for the night.
